ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY

1. Overview
This policy outlines the acceptable use of computer equipment and information
resources at the organization. Inappropriate use exposes the organization to
risks including virus attacks, compromise of network systems and services,
and legal issues.

2. Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to outline the acceptable use of computing
resources. These rules are in place to protect employees and the organization.
Inappropriate use exposes the organization to risks including malware,
compromise of systems, and legal liability.

3. Scope
This policy applies to the use of information, electronic and computing
devices, and network resources to conduct business or interact with internal
networks and business systems, whether owned or leased by the organization,
the employee, or a third party. All employees, contractors, consultants,
temporary and other workers are responsible for exercising good judgment
regarding appropriate use.

4. Policy

4.1 General Use and Ownership
Organization-proprietary information stored on electronic and computing
devices, whether owned or leased by the organization, the employee or a
third party, remains the sole property of the organization. Employees are
responsible for promptly reporting the theft, loss, or unauthorized
disclosure of organization-proprietary information.

4.2 Security and Proprietary Information
All mobile and computing devices that connect to the internal network must
comply with the Minimum Access Policy. System level and user level passwords
must comply with the Password Policy. Providing access to another individual
is prohibited.

4.3 Unacceptable Use
The following activities are, in general, prohibited: violations of the
rights of any person or company protected by copyright, trade secret, or
other intellectual property; unauthorized copying of copyrighted material;
accessing data the employee is not authorised to access; introduction of
malicious programs; effecting security breaches or disruptions of network
communication.

5. Password Management
All users must select passwords that meet complexity requirements and change
them at least every 90 days. Passwords must not be shared with anyone,
including administrative assistants or secretaries, or written down.

6. Incident Reporting
Any security incidents, suspected incidents, or policy violations must be
reported promptly to the IT Security Team. The IT Security Team will
investigate and coordinate the response. Employees must not attempt to
investigate incidents on their own.

7. Training
All new employees receive information security awareness training during
onboarding. Annual refresher training is required for all staff.

8. Policy Compliance
The IT team will verify compliance with this policy through various methods,
including but not limited to, periodic walk-throughs, video monitoring,
business tool reports, internal and external audits, and feedback. An
employee found to have violated this policy may be subject to disciplinary
action, up to and including termination of employment.

9. Review
This policy will be reviewed annually, or when significant changes to the
environment or business occur.
